README.md, before:

# Pokémon RGB Version

![Title screen](images/titlescreen.png)

Pokémon RGB Version is a hack ROM of Pokémon Red which adds full color, the ability to select a female character as the protagonist, and makes all 151 Pokémon obtainable.

To check all of the features, check [**FEATURES.md**](FEATURES.md).

This hack was originally posted [here](https://www.romhacking.net/hacks/8100/).

## Credits

- [DannyE](https://github.com/dannye), for the color and audio engine.
- The whole Pokémon RGB team, which host their project [here](https://github.com/dannye/pokered-gbc).
- BurstXShadowzX on DeviantArt for Green's graphics
- [Vortyne](https://github.com/Vortyne) and the [pureRGB team](https://github.com/Vortyne/pureRGB) for the Mew-under-the-truck code.
- [Thoth-33](https://github.com/thoth-33) for originally creating this hack, creating the party icons, coloring gender, porting Yellow's starter distributors, and coloring Pokéballs.
- [Me](https://github.com/jamescastells) :) for reviving this project and noticing some bugs.

## Download

To download the latest version, go to the [**Releases**](https://github.com/jamescastells/pokemon-rgb/releases) page and grab the latest IPS file. Use an IPS patcher and apply the IPS file to a Pokémon Red ROM.

If you'd like to build from source, see [**INSTALL.md**](INSTALL.md).

Commit message:

Clean Start
A fresh pull of Pokered-GBC-Crysaudio with all updates from main Pokered forwarded (checked SHA1, no change), and all the fixes from Pokered-GBC-Master forwarded. Intended to use as a base to rebuild the RGB hack.

README.md, after:

# Pokémon Red and Blue [![Build Status][ci-badge]][ci]

This is a disassembly of Pokémon Red and Blue overhauled with full GBC support and Crystal's audio engine. Made by FroggestSpirit, Drenn, and dannye.

It builds the following ROMs:

- Pokemon Red (UE) [S][!].gbc `sha1: 66931bf79e389518c696d05a30b621a668054457`
- Pokemon Blue (UE) [S][!].gbc `sha1: d8f3610feda2daef904178be8f1ff2dbe1ec4107`
- BLUEMONS.GB (debug build) `sha1: 19c43f814fcd510785b8015e33ba8084ab426e96`
- dmgapae0.e69.patch
- dmgapee0.e68.patch

To set up the repository, see [**INSTALL.md**](INSTALL.md).


## See also

- [**Wiki**][wiki] (includes [tutorials][tutorials])
- [**Symbols**][symbols]
- [**Tools**][tools]

You can find us on [Discord (pret, #pokered)](https://discord.gg/d5dubZ3).

For other pret projects, see [pret.github.io](https://pret.github.io/).

[wiki]: https://github.com/pret/pokered/wiki
[tutorials]: https://github.com/pret/pokered/wiki/Tutorials
[symbols]: https://github.com/pret/pokered/tree/symbols
[tools]: https://github.com/pret/gb-asm-tools
[ci]: https://github.com/pret/pokered/actions
[ci-badge]: https://github.com/pret/pokered/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg
